hello I'm Ben now Saddam control all
Turk will be looking at the game wear
protective dears light crystal case for
dears light as you can see the DSi it
fits in the case perfectly its pop it in
there open the lid press you back onto
the back of the asite it snaps on and
you're ready to go now as you can see
put in a crystal case on it's more like
any other crystal case it is very thick
which makes it extremely hard to get in
any cases you may have that fit abs
light and it becomes nearly the same
size as a normal DS possibly even bigger
I'd actually have a normal ds2 show to
compare with this but I'm just guessing
now what you may have noticed is that
there is a giant black square on the
back that slides right down and you can
put three games in there as you can see
if it's three games and a dear slight
stylist
it doesn't fit des normal dear stylist
now the reason you put a DA slight
stylus inside the case is because when
you turn it around you notice that you
can't actually get the D F stylus out
another bad thing about this case is
that when you pull out the Game Boy
Advance attachment for the DS Lite you
can't actually get things like guitar
hero the guitar hero touch from inside
because of the protective case where the
games fit if you like me though and you
don't actually own guitar for the S this
good view because you don't have to
worry about not being able to get it in
if you do have a photographer DSi device
not buying this case because you'd have
to take it on and off every time you
want to play guitar hero now apart from
this case being big and bulky and making
guitar hero attachments unusable it's a
really good case the way it's built the
bottom is protective because there's a
giant piece of plastic down there to
stop it from being hurt by anything and
the way it's built it should hopefully
stop you from getting all those quite
hinge issues everybody's having as I
said before the three slots for the
games in the star
let's make it good because you can also
carry James around without having to buy
a big case to store them in so around
this is a really good case all in all
I'd give this D UPS an 8 out of 10 the
reason is because it is it doesn't make
the BS a bit thick already thick and
every time you want to use a starter
said you pull this down and pull it out
of there but apart from that you keep
the Diaz safe and protected and it's
better than buying a big case so say if
you go on holiday and you don't want to
look go around holding a giant taste
saying say Nintendo on it or the yes you
with this it's just you know you can put
it in your just about put it in your
pocket or you put in a plastic bag or
ever and it doesn't look conspicuous
it's just a DS so you can put it in
another bag and it's just yeah nobody
would know you have it okay thanks for
watching guys this is Ben from
controller
Texas I know